
Meet me in a dream That no one can ever reach It
is just not real.


SIGNALS  WITH VOICE OF AMBULANCE,
 IT BREAKS DEAD NIGHT SILENCE.
 NICE DREAM BREAKS ME TWICE.
 ONE IS AWAKENING SECOND IS NOT SO NICE.
 OWLS ARE HOOTING,
 BATS ARE SQUEAKING DANGEROUS WHEN HEAR  BATS OFF AND CRAWLING.
 PRIED INTO MY WINDOW WHERE FROM I CAN SEE THE STREET
AND THEIR ROOST AT DAWN.
 MY EYES SHARPLY WATCHED IT MAY BE WOUNDED CAUSED TO VIRUS
BORN.
 AS SCIENTISTS GOT THE THEORY OF LESSON.
 SO WHY MY GOAL OF SCIENTIST FULFILLED TO BE SWORN.
 Dr Saroj kumar khan


As I lay down and close my eyes,
 I keep waiting to see.
 Hoping and praying,
 That you are in my dream.
 To hear your voice one more time,
 and see your beautiful smile.
 Get out on that hiking path,
 where we could walk for miles.
 The videos you would send me,
 the calls on your way home.
 I just need to see your face,
 and know I'm not alone.
 Just to feel your presence,
 my heart will know you're near.
 Knowing I cannot hug you,
 brings the daily tears.
 So when the sun goes down,
 and the tears come down in streams.
 I will be waiting for you,
 If only in my dreams.


I harbour a dream.
 Where I can fly like a bird from dawn to dusk...
 touching new heights every day!
 I harbour a dream.
 Where back in the day’s things were good and things are
lovely in future I harbour a dream.
 Where Happiness is guilt free...
 Smiles are real.
 One's desire is not another's nightmare.
 I harbour a dream.
 Where I can raise the little one not to be brutal
...
but compassionate...
 for compassion is the virtue of the brave I harbour a
dream.
 Where my loved ones are always around and forever!
 Torn between the old and the new… I harbour a dream
that my dreams come true.


I had a dream,
 I saw you on an altar,
 but it seemed to crumble,
 like those dreams I thought were mine,
 like echoes my mind lost.
 There are moments when people can fall ill,
 my pains and that feeling of not belonging anywhere only disappear
in dreams.
 I’m just a dreamer who prefers the lie instead of facing
the truth of those bound to this world of chains.
 Maybe I’m wrong,
 but all I want is to be happy.
 The friendships I once built have faded over time.
 I long to escape that conversation,
 return to my safe refuge,
 that warm and dark home.
 It’s a mysterious feeling… I love this life,
 but I can’t understand it,
 I don’t understand how the world works.
 I’ve written poems where freedom embraces me more and more,
 like a whisper blending with the wind,
 like a dream on the verge of waking.
 I wished to disappear,
 dissolve into melodies,
 small worlds where the echo of my soul gets lost in
unfamiliar notes.
 The gaze of the one who lurks seems to fade away,
 and I,
 trapped in this ebb and flow,
 wonder if I’ve lost my reason.
 They seem like lived memories,
 but they’re reflections of that interior I’ve longed to hide.
 I’ve tried to be the same,
 suffering when it seemed I couldn’t be like those I resented
so much.
 Yet,
 I returned to live in those dreams,
 in a melody,
 in those insane and mysterious memories,
 so unreal,
 they became part of my story.
 I hate the gaze of others,
 it feels threatening,
 I long to stay in just one place,
 to feel that warmth that only exists in the desire to
fit in.
 But what would it serve,
 if I didn’t feel right? It’s insane and absurd,
 but I could never fit,
 it’s like a puzzle,
 or a game of chess,
 everything has its place… but not mine.


I am anything,
 I tell myself to be,
 I am everything,
 I imagine myself to see,
 Whether a lover;
 a poet,
 Perhaps someone that could sing.
 What is created then,
 Is a mind full of possibilities.
 I could never draw like an artist But I tell myself
believe,
 I would try and try again,
 many times Until it is achieved.
 I used to long for nights That one in which I
dream,
 Until I only realized that it's this,
 My dream is the life I am actually living.


contradicting the American dream I live my life as a hermit seeing
the world as a divided mirror that changes when I say.
 This world says its ok to be weak!
 The real world hisses at your fate like a snake The
rusted squeal of the old getting old And the bold getting bolder...
 Colder!
 The selfish word as a child raised to be leave the
world was born for him I will not be a slave to
this world working everyday to live the leftovers Hey you yeah lonely
night children wait for your end your counterpart is just gleaming with
the essence of life Valentin suares


and in deep darkness i keep hiding,
 suddenly i see some light shimmering.
 Far afar i see him searching,
 running all around plummeting.
 His foot steps was coming towards me,
 I felt euphoria in me.
 He held out his hand to me,
 promising me he will be mine.
 finally one day he sees me shimmering,
 but at a second i see him disappearing.
 cause it was the dream in the eyes,
 a dream which never becomes accurate.


Before I wake up and my vision is history,
 Know what I've seen might be a mystery,
 As the hands on the clock stood still,
 I see my breath in the room's chill,
 The noise lowered almost to a whisper,
 I turn around quick because I heard hey mister,
 And there I stood with my jaw on the ground,
 For her beauty is the best I've seen around,
 Her eyes sparkle like the stars at night,
 All of her curves just seem so right,
 I grab her hand and look her in the eyes,
 And tell her that I have no goodbyes,
 For,
 if this is a game or some scheme,
 Let me sleep if you only exist in this dream.


drousily    remembrances   erect   as  meaning


WHAT IS THIS THAT POINTS AND STARES;
 INTO EVERY WHICH DIRECTION IT POINTS IT SCARES.
 THIS BIG BLACK SHAPE WITH EYES OF FIRE;
 THIS ONE LAST CHANCE HERE COMES THE FIRE.
 THIS FIGURE IN BLACK COMES FACE TO FACE;
 AND TAKES MY SOUL WITHOUT A TRACE.
 INTO HELL MY BODY FALLS;
 THERE GOES THE FIGURE THROUGH THE WALLS.
 THE SOUNDS OF PAIN AND AGONY FROM THE PEOPLE;
 TELL ME IM IN THE HOME OF A GREAT EVIL.
 TO GET FROM THE FLAMES I CLIMB UP THE WALL;
 WITH HOPES THAT I DONT SLIP AND FALL.
 SATAN GRABS ME AND I SCREAM;
 I WAKE UP TO FIND IT WAS ALL A DREAM.


I saw a dream quite alive Caring and caressing that ever before
Which I'm longing since your death Never wake me up from the
dream alive Wished my mind so profound When the coffin passed before
my eyes Surrendered my mind with a shattering hope I know the
days never gonna return But dreams bring us so near Feel like
not ready to depart As lot many promises to accomplish Let me
wait for another night Where I can meet you in the dream
alive


Let me rest,
 that I may dream,
 For there are few greater pleasures,
 For as dreams are,
 you go so far,
 And may do it at your leisure.
 Earthbound men may soar the skies,
 As if with wings of feather,
 And winter’s cold is gentle spring,
 Or whatever choice of weather.
 Loved ones gone,
 so far a'lost,
 Are with you ever more,
 And people joined to live as one,
 With never thought of war.
 To walk through flames without a burn,
 To catch a flying arrow,
 To sing a song as none before,
 Unerringly as a sparrow.
 A cowboy on his faithful horse,
 A racer in his car,
 An explorer in his rocket ship,
 Who flies from star to star.
 A wanderer of the desert,
 A pirate of the sea,
 To dwell beneath the neon lights,
 Or beneath the forest trees.
 There is nothing that can hold you back,
 Save your own imagination,
 The more you know,
 the more you learn,
 The greater your creation.
 So let me dream,
 for dreams are real,
 And not just fantasy,
 For within my world I reign supreme,
 And live in ecstasy.


Others say you can't do it But I dream,
 I can do it No evidence,
 I provide to you You will prove,
 what I can do!
 My intention is the focus I move forward like a train
and bus My basis looks like an unbroken rock I stand firm
and keep on my walk!
 I give value to humanity Through which I see the dignity
In us,
 there are precious mineral A dream can be seen really When
a vision hit successfully.
 I look forward to a brighter Do not frustrate,
 look at it far Your dream come true sooner!
 Time goes faster I know,
 how to use it better Many people ignore it But time
never waits It runs at its own pace!
 Have a dream every night Make an effort,
 and never forget!


The dream got away as the sunset away,
 The dream of being higher and riser Is now buried deep
down.
 As the darkness grasped,
 the heart clasped,
 The moon shined bright,
 that caught the sight.
 Then the wanderer noticed The sky is darkened,
 The moon is brightened.
 The days came back when the moon shone bright,
 But brought the days Where the moon will slip away,
 Leaving the sky blank.
 Parallelly,
 the seeker is now in dark sky,
 But the days are soon When the moon will come bright.


OH ,
 my beautiful elf ,
 diety of Rosy lips ,
 fairy chicks  ,
 long cloudy hair ,
 on the bosom the towering mountain ,
 celestial eyes ,
 wearing a ensanguine tippet ,
 why refused to divulge but brine water into eyes don’t Strong
desert wind wrinkles velvet skin .
 Who dared ,
 reason who is ? Eyes' arteries began to appear Tears don’t
dawn over  arteries .
 Someone abandoned you ,
 hazy path either .
 Have gone stray ? Pursuing one ? A kingdom,
 here in my heart .
 Be the queen from years ago !
 No one can take this  away from you ,
 My arteries ,
 fur ,
 heart,
 bones will serve you I Myself feudatory  of yours Be the
queen of your kingdom ,
 and let me care ,
 sore elf Palatableness ,
 rose scent ,
 petallic touch my eyes has been opened ,
needed cup of tea to awake wholly  from gehenna I know ,
 this is illusory love ..


I cried a willow into a field of roses I dreamed a
sparrow nestled on the banks of destiny and watched it drink from
life then fly off into forever


The sun blazed above the grass thatched huts,
 Trees failed to produce,
 only succulents survived,
 The stream had stopped singing,
 chaos everywhere.
 Jackals moved around rabbit burrows,
 none came out.
 The fields were dry,
 rabbits deserted their abode.
 The leopard ran after its prey,
failed to catch For it had been starving,
couldn't run fast enough.
 The hungry old man dozed beneath the banyan tree There came
a rain and villagers dug many ponds To  collect the rain ,
wasted not a single drop.
 Dormant seeds germinated to flowering plants A monkey threw a fruit
to the sleeping old man,
 Woke up to see only the barren land and  mirages ahead.
 Oh!
Was it a reverie ? He moaned.


I woke thee to realise I wasn't there,
 Silence all around with darkness surrounding around me.
 Walking towards the light can't seem to find my way around,
 I hear them calling with a soft tone.
 My feet are drifting into the air,
 I've been pulled out into the night light,
 wake up wake up wake up the knock is getting louder.
 It was only a dream


starve me with a smile burn me over a mile free me
in overtime pulverize the pulse punctuate the punishment pursue procrastination's it’s your
prophecies when you said,
 " I’ll be with you forever.
" but where are you? I know a place where I would
run as flocking birds migrate en route to notify you..
 exhausting my breath,
 just to be subdued by the "other" you i’ve recited a
poem for ransom,
 but who will sing it in your name? ...
 I caught a stroke in an iced red apple-flavored pool with
a warm fire at the edge of the alley,
 behind the house where a smiling geisha hypnotized the dream of
my dream and I,
 believing that,
 what I have is already real


I cried a willow into a field of roses i dreamed,
 a sparrow,
 nestled meetly on the banks of destiny and watched it drink
from life,
 and then fly off into forever


Butterfly wings Lush meadows and canopy of trees Busy bees.


Dream lover,
 Do you dream what is right? Dream lover,
 are you only a spectator Throughout life? Dream weaver,
 Why do we dream? We ought not forget ourselves For who
we are Is what we believe


I flew out of bed into deep space tonight,
 The stars were flying by and by pass me,
 My body whimpered sweetly with delight,
 And heart was throbbing as in passion spree!


Still the darkness is waiting for a dream..
 when you trust my love,
 the dream will begin.
 You can touch my heart without any fear..
 because,
 you are the princess of my mind...!


Rulers will fall.
 Masks will be removed.
 I know the world corrupt schemes.
 The evil was about to do something.
 This corona was a walk in the park.
 I am shaking this earth.
 They will hear the thunder.
 You will know it my roar.
 The blood of my children have cried out.
 I heard them loud and clear.
 I will defend.
 I will break all the chains.
 Wake up my children.
 You obeyed and listened.
 I will bless you,
 my children.
 Your dream is near.


Close your eyes take a deep breath.
 See all your dreams before you.
 What you want to be when you grow up? A writer,
 a cook,
 a mom,
 a wife.
 What should I be,
 who should I become.
 My mom says be myself,
 my dad says be strong.
 My sister says be smart,
 my brother says be prepared.
 My dreams are there,
 some are hard to see.
 But I know that no matter what I become my dreams
are there for me.


The dream got away as the sunset away,
 The dream of being higher and riser Is now buried deep
down.
 As the darkness grasped,
 the heart clasped,
 The moon shined bright,
 that caught the sight.
 Then the wanderer noticed The sky is darkened,
 The moon is brightened.
 The days came back when the moon shone bright,
 But brought the days Where the moon will slip away,
 Leaving the sky blank.
 Parallelly,
 the seeker is now in dark sky,
 But the days are soon When the moon will come bright.


Dream !
 I being underwater Screaming for help,
 When Nobody's listening My fear goes to my scalp ;
 But not to shocked As I am used to this,
 Then going conscious But thinking for my last wish ,
 Where will I go in the hell or heaven After being
wakened up,
 My memory is like drained up.


Dreams will seem as if they may come and go as the
breeze from fresh scented winds,
 to even more of a sincerity of feeling deep emotions gripping
like the open tides within.
 Dynastic of energy equaling essential discoveries of past or future events.
 Dreaming the dream astutely the fantasy created by living the nightmare
provoked and debilitating!
 Astonishing to numbness formalities and moguls intern of hardship,
 feeling entrapped as dark becomes to enlightenment.
 Dream skeptically forced of bestowed virtual reality,
 to control the dream or stay in the dream of dreams.


amusing thoughts in the dead of night With water droplets dribble off
the sky the gush of thoughts made a sleepless fantasy the vision
was full of snowy red cheeks and wet feet on the beach
but the reality made it so paralyzed With its own deeds the
thunder blares ,
 the soul is about to dry with winter cold winds Yet
when the anew day comes it again makes heart feel sweet Since,
 the alluring scenery was everywhere I wish I was there


The Dream by Zeeshan Rasool Khan You deserted me.
 My hopes—shattered.
 I never imagined your return,
 So I convinced both heart and mind To move on.
 But they rebelled.
 They don't understand What they can't process.
 They outrightly rejected my advice.
 I left them on their own Left them wandering While I
embraced the truth— The finality of your absence.
 But then,
 As my eyes closed— Not in sleep,
 But in exhaustion,
 After starting too long At your photograph— I dreamed.
 In a dream,
 A fairy sat beside me,
 Draped in maroon.
 The image etched itself Into my thoughts.
 It pulled me back To the day you wore maroon,
 Captivating everyone around.
 And Me too.
 When I looked up The glow of your face,
 The nuances of it confirmed It was "you".
 I could not take my eyes off.
 Eyes - fatigued earlier,
 Relieved,
 soothed ,
 & felt serene.
 The Dream - harbinger of message Delineated that we may be
severed.
 But we are divinely connected.
 When I told you,
 “My soul loves you,
” I wasn’t exaggerating It wasn’t just a tide of passion— It
was truth.
 An eternal truth That our souls can't separate Even if you
don't feel it!


Everyone in this world has accomplished many long-term or short-term goals in
thier lives.
 These accomplished goals did not "just happen" Each and every night,
 a man,
 a woman and a child lay thier heads to sleep and
dream of things not yet seen but hope for.
 Some of these dreamers do follow thier dreams and succeed,
 others just wake up and take it as it was,
 a dream.
 Which of these are you today? I say unto each and
everyone of you follow each and every other good dream you have
for one day your dreams will become a reality.
 Giving those who do not folllow thier dreams encouragment to follow
thier own dreams and succeed.


Dream Dream is a desire of your heart Dream is a mockup
of your past Dream is this jiffy of creation Or it is
just an illusion.
 Some dreams turn true,
 some not Dream on and on that’s what you got Dare
to dream with its own twists,
 Accept the time,
 accept the dreams Sometimes life owns nothing,
 But beautiful memories within,
 Relive,
 revive and replenish Memories and moment that are finished Dream a
dream,
 your soul longing for Imagine,
 feel and let it go,
 Soothe your spirits,
 soothe your senses Remember,
 it won’t stay,
 this too will go.


I,
 an alien,
 had a beautiful dream in a deep sleep.
 It was nothing more than this beautiful earth and all its
creatures.
 May I never wake up from this deep sleep that erases
this dream of mine,
 this beautiful shore of love,
 and the most beautiful you.


It's the time to dream Shuffling the mind The dream comes absentmindedly
Playing at the corner of the heart.
 Be the young or old,
 dream all There is no witness of dreams,
 though.
 Dream comes within the scene of its own Some dreams suddenly
becomes true.
 There are no meaning of many dreams Yet no one can
stop dreaming.
 Night passes by dreaming This is a mystery of creation When
someone stops dreaming All the commentary on life will stop.


To write ...
 is to create To create ...
 is to grow We grow as we learn We learn as
we gain understanding Understanding of who we are and of what we
want to achieve We strive to gain knowledge in order to achieve
our goals Ideally we share knowledge we gain along our way to
enable others to also grow within themselves WRITE - CREATE - GROW
- LEARN & DREAM


I dream my poem.
 I poem my dream.


You give me dreams,
 and we kiss,
 but they collide,
 the noses I lift my eyes only to see your beautiful
face.
 You smile,
 as perfect as a sunset.
 An inch closer...
 your lips glisten,
 like your eyes are the sun,
 and your smile,
 the star.
 Both share the same beauty.
 Then,
 you utter goodbye.


A dream a dream is that thing that will not let you
sleep it is that thing that will not let you eat because
your belly is now filled with the desire of seeing come to
pass it is that thing that only you can see and when
others try to squint to perceive they perceive you as your mind
losing it a dream is that thing that would not let you
die even when a thousand bullets fly recklessly before your very eyes
it is what would make you bleed it is what would make
you cry it is what would make you take the whip of
pessimist it is what would make you wear their crown of thorns
and your very blood run down your face but still you press
on a dream is what would make you lift up your head
even when others give up hope to drown a dream is what
would not allow you quit the race even when your heart fails
with each pace and your feet now breaks with every stride it
is what would make you find air to breathe in a vacuum
it is what would make you call each defeat a chance again
to win it like light coming on a single bulb in the
midst of a thousand and more a dream is what keeps ypur
fingers digging up dirt because you know one day you'd find it
there a dream is what makes so long a time become so
close so soon it is what would make you live forever in
the hearts and in the souls of men long after you have
stepped into the oblivion of sleep and your flesh now nothing but
dust and hip but a dream is also what would make your
spirit regret make it feel you've lost because you only allowed it
burn a thousand degrees within you when the world around you felt
you frozen cold it's what would stand by your grave and with
head down soberly shaking saying you had it...
 all within...
 but you made it..
 go to sleep with you in this casket of ineptitude it
would cry to your creator and the angels would bare it witness
on every tale on every account of your fears and your limitations
you spent all your years building up in your head it would
scream in your ears and whisper tantrums at your spirit for eternity
it would make you wish for another chance...
 another opportunity to feel your flesh on your bones once more
but no...
 for the hand of time willl not rewind and God will
not change his mind cause we live and die once not twice
but a miracle has happened today one of opportunity...
 one of grace and that is right now you are alive
and that chance to make it happen stands before your very eyes
so open your eyes stop dreaming it start living it


04/14/2022 Jacob had a dream.
 Given from God.
 Jacob's ladder.
 Given by God.
 The child dreams in the wound.
 You my child,
 yell this dream.
 Do not forget.
 Seek God.
 Yell out your dream.
 Don't forget God.
 He is your dream.


" Dream is just an Illusion When we sleep


In infinity path we ran so quickly Wandering on the forest As
the sunset is down We breathe with the fresh air,
 ate with sorrow of sunshine,
 reflected mirror in the shadow of moonlight,
 and see the flowers are everywhere.
 We continue the wonderful journey of traveling through heaven's gate and
dreaming of the bright future


The darkness fades And I see your face You pull me close
And I kiss your lips We talk about things And laugh about
others We are in love And everything is perfect Then I open
my eyes And reach for you Suddenly I remember And I go
back to sleep


6 kids at the age of 15 and martin Luther king said
I have a dream boom as bombs go sail family saying I
should prevail but I fail the wind of the day as I
sway as I say goodbye good day the rivers open the path
as I board today the night the stars birds fly so high
reaching mars messy brain psycho touch but as I fell in love
there was no such but it was too much dead by tomorrow
i say goodbye world my time now sees you on the other
side pow

